# 安装你的编程作业环境
## 中文
翻译暂略。以后在github发布出来，希望读者完善咯，给各位热爱学习的同学做点贡献。
## English
Setting Up Your Programming Assignment Environment

The Machine Learning course includes several programming assignments which you’ll need to finish to complete the course. The assignments require the Octave or MATLAB scientific computing languages.

Octave is a free, open-source application available for many platforms. It has a text interface and an experimental graphical one.
MATLAB is proprietary software but a free, limited license is being offered for the completion of this course.
FAQ

Does it cost money?

While you’re taking the course, both software packages are available free of charge. Octave is distributed under the GNU Public License, which means that it is always free to download and distribute. MATLAB licenses are available for completing the programming assignments in the course only. For any other purposes (like your own work after you complete the course), MATLAB can be licensed to individuals or companies from Mathworks directly.

Is there a difference in quality?

There are several subtle differences between the two software packages. MATLAB may offer a smoother experience (especially for Mac users), contains a larger number of functions, and can be more robust to failure. However, the functions used in this course are available in both packages, and many students have successfully completed the course using either.

How do I install one of them?

See installation instructions for Windows, Mac OS X (10.10 Yosemite and 10.9 Mavericks), other Mac OS X, or GNU/Linux.
